Add a migration guide for some maybeOf conversions (#7705)
flutter/website: src/docs/release/breaking-changes/supplemental-maybeOf-migration.md

non-nullable Dart code.

A lot of this migration was performed when we eliminated `nullOk` parameters in
a [previous migration][], but some `of` methods were missed in that migration,
and some were subsequently added with nullable return types, counter to our
common pattern.

In this migration, the affected `of` accessors were split into two calls: one
that returned a non-nullable value and threw an exception when the sought-after
value was not present (still called `of`), and one that returned a nullable
value that didn't throw an exception, and returned null if the value was not
present (a new method called `maybeOf`).

## Description of change

The change modified these static `of` APIs to return non-nullable values. If a
value is not found, they will also now assert in debug mode, and throw an
exception in release mode.

* [`AutofillGroup.of`]
* [`DefaultTabController.of`]
* [`DefaultTextHeightBehavior.of`]
* [`Form.of`]
* [`HeroControllerScope.of`]
* [`Material.of`]
* [`PageStorage.of`]
* [`PrimaryScrollController.of`]
* [`RenderAbstractViewport.of`]
* [`RestorationScope.of`]
* [`Scrollable.of`]
* [`ScrollNotificationObserver.of`]

> And, introduced these new static `maybeOf` APIs alongside the above functions,
> which return a nullable version of the same value, and simply return null if the
> value is not found, without throwing any exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change also introduced new static `maybeOf` APIs alongside the above functions,
which return a nullable version of the same value, and simply return null if the
value is not found, without throwing any exceptions.
```

* [`AutofillGroup.maybeOf`]
* [`DefaultTabController.maybeOf`]
* [`DefaultTextHeightBehavior.maybeOf`]
* [`Form.maybeOf`]
* [`HeroControllerScope.maybeOf`]
* [`Material.maybeOf`]
* [`PageStorage.maybeOf`]
* [`PrimaryScrollController.maybeOf`]
* [`RenderAbstractViewport.maybeOf`]
* [`RestorationScope.maybeOf`]
* [`Scrollable.maybeOf`]
* [`ScrollNotificationObserver.maybeOf`]

## Migration guide

> In order to modify your code to use the new form of the APIs, first convert all
> instances of the original static `of` functions where its nullability is
> important so that they use the `maybeOf` form of the API instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify your code to use the new form of the APIs, first convert all
instances of the original static `of` functions (where its nullability is
important) to use the `maybeOf` form instead.
```

> So this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code before migration:
```

```dart
ScrollController? controller = Scrollable.of(context);
```

> becomes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code after migration:
```

```dart
ScrollController? controller = Scrollable.maybeOf(context);
```

Then, for instances where the code calls the `of` API followed by an exclamation
point, just remove the exclamation point: it can no longer return a nullable
value.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Code before migration:
```

```dart
ScrollController controller = Scrollable.of(context)!;
```

> becomes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code after migration:
```

```dart
ScrollController controller = Scrollable.of(context);
```

> The [`unnecessary_non_null_assertion`][] linter message will help find finding
> the places where an extra `!` operator should be removed. The
> [`unnecessary_null_checks`][] analysis option can be helpful to find places
> where the `?` operator is no longer needed. The
> [`unnecessary_null_in_if_null_operators`][] helps to find places where a `??`
> operator is no longer needed. And the
> [`unnecessary_nullable_for_final_variable_declarations`][] analysis option can
> be helpful in finding unnecessary question mark operators on `final` and `const`
> variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following can also be helpful:

*  [`unnecessary_non_null_assertion`][] (linter message) identifies
   places where an  `!` operator should be removed
* [`unnecessary_null_checks`][] (analysis option) identifies places
  where the `?` operator isn't needed
* [`unnecessary_null_in_if_null_operators`][] identifies places
   where a `??` operator isn't needed
* [`unnecessary_nullable_for_final_variable_declarations`][] (analysis option)
   finds unnecessary question mark operators on `final` and `const` variables
```
